---
categories:
- Tech Stuff
date: "2007-11-01T02:03:05Z"
meta:
  dsq_thread_id: "6099514224"
status: publish
tags:
- Forummeet
- Mark Minasi
- PowerShell
- USA
- Virgina
title: April 2008
---
What are you doing between April 20 and April 23rd ??? You don't know ??  
Well if you are the least bit interested in computers, there is only one place to be... **The Minasi Forum meet 2008**  
It is your chance to hear about new technology, directly from the leading people of the industry, it is hosted by none other than Mark Minasi himself (If you have ever read a good computer book, you would have guessed that allready)

This year some of the keynote speakers are Mark Minasi, Jeremy Moskowitz, Don Jones, Rhonda Layfield, Eric B. Rux, Greg Shields and Nathan Winters, that means you will be able to learn everything from Windows 2008 to Exchange to PowerShell...

I bet right now you are thinking, this must be very expensive........ **WRONG**

It only costs 450$ and with the current exchange rate, that is only 2277Kr... The event takes place in Virgina Beach, VA USA, the only other costs are hotel, getting your self there, beer money and a little bit extra for food.

Here is the current schedule (which is subject to change)

> - Sunday, April 20, 2008
> 
> 1:00 pm: Mark Minasi Keynote  
> 2:15 pm: Break  
> 2:30 pm: TBA Industry Keynote  
> 3:45 pm: Break  
> 4:00 pm: Eric B. Rux Fun with Windows Home Server; trust me, you’ll want one…don’t let the word “Home” fool you  
> 5:00 pm: 'No Host' dinner at local restaurant (share your war stories and learn from the experts!)
> 
> - Monday, April 21, 2008
> 
> 9:00 am: James Summerlin Microsoft SQL Server 2005 Integration Services  
> 10:15 am: Break  
> 10:30 am: Greg Shields Documentation & Change Control: Hating it to Loving it in 75 minutes  
> 11:45 am: Lunch  
> 1:00 pm: Mark Minasi Windows Server 2008  
> 2:15 pm: Break  
> 2:30 pm: Jeremy Moskowitz Group Policy 2.0: It’s freekin’ sweet! (with Vista & Windows Server 2008)  
> 3:45 pm: Break  
> 4:00 pm: Nathan Winters Exchange 2007 from the command line – what makes a good Exchange 2007 deployment  
> 5:00 pm: Hosted Dinner at Pungo Grill. Mmmmmm! (we ate there last year, it was very good)
> 
> - Tuesday, April 22, 2008 
> 
> 9:00 am: Greg Shields Tips & Tricks for Preventing an Active Directory Failure  
> 10:15 am: Break  
> 10:30 am: Don Jones Dr. PowerShell: How I Learned to Stop Clicking and Love the Command-Line  
> 11:45 am: Lunch  
> 1:00 pm: Rhonda Layfield TBA  
> 2:15 pm: Break  
> 2:30 pm: Curt Spanburgh Journey to Planet Sharepoint  
> 3:45 pm: Break  
> 4:00 pm: Nathan Winters OCS 2007 – An Introduction to the new VOIP world of Office Communication Server 2007  
> 5:00 pm: 'No Host' dinner at local restaurant (one last chance to rub elbows with people in the know)
> 
> - Wednesday, April 23, 2008 
> 
> 9:00 am: Don Jones Windows PowerShell: The Future of Server Administration  
> 10:15 am: Break  
> 10:30 am: Mark Minasi Windows Vista  
> 11:45 am: Lunch  
> 1:00 pm: All Attendees Roundtable discussion for as long as you want!  
> End of Forum Meeting. See you again next year!

More info is available at [www.minasi.com/forummeet2008](http://www.minasi.com/forummeet2008)

